OVERALL PSUEDOCODE FOR SITE

1. DONE - User lands at login page
2. DONE - User enters username/password OR creates a login
3. DONE - Info is then sent to firebase to create user
4. DONE - User is then directed to “setup” page
5. User then inputs friends name to start shopping list for
6. Users friend list will show up on left side of page
7. User then inputs presents for friends
8. This information is stored in firebase under user login credentials - Parent(friend) child (presents)
9. User then proceeds to home page
10. Friends will populate on left hand side of home page
11. When user clicks on friends, presents will drop down.
12. User can then click on presents to run api to pull and populate to screen.
13. User can click on presents to proceed to product page to purchase.
14. DONE - Use a technology or library we haven't used in class - JSONP 

PROJECT REQUIREMENTS

1. DONE - Must uses at least two APIs
    1. firebase
    2. Walmart
2. DONE - Must use AJAX to pull data 
3. DONE - Must utilize at least one new library or technology that we haven’t discussed
    4. JSONP 
4. Must have a polished frontend / UI 
5. Must meet good quality coding standards (indentation, scoping, naming)
6. DONE - Must NOT use alerts, confirms, or prompts (look into modals!)
    1. Modals used for error messages on Login and create user
7. Must have some sort of repeating element (table, columns, etc)
    1. The displays items in the category 
8. DONE - Must use Bootstrap or Alternative CSS Framework
    1. Used BootStrap CSS and JS
9. Must be Deployed (Heroku or Firebase)
10. DONE - Must have User Input Validation 
    1. Modals

